Clarify that unlinkability is required for NEW_TOKEN tokens. Changes … (#2647)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

for future connections. Servers MAY discard any Initial packet that does not
carry the expected token.

A token SHOULD be constructed for the server to easily distinguish it from
tokens that are sent in Retry packets as they are carried in the same field.

> The token SHOULD NOT expose linkability; i.e., information that lets observers

Author: This is worth making a new paragraph for.  How about:

"The token MUST NOT include information that would allow it to be linked to the connection on which it was issued by an on-path observer.  For example, it cannot include the connection ID or addressing information unless the values are encrypted."

Reviewer: +1, but slight grammar: "The token MUST NOT include information that would allow it to be linked by an on-path observer to the connection on which it was issued."

Reviewer 2: Applied in 67df7d1.

correlate the connection that is using the token and the one that issued the
token.

Unlike the token that is created for a Retry packet, there might be some time
between when the token is created and when the token is subsequently used.
Thus, a token SHOULD have an expiration time, which could be either an explicit
expiration time or an issued timestamp that can be used to dynamically calculate

> the expiration time.  A server can retain the expiration time in the server-side

Author: ```suggestion
the expiration time.  A server can store the expiration time or include it in an encrypted form in the token.
```

Reviewer 2: Applied in 1a0be70.

store, or embed the encrypted value in the token.  It is unlikely that the
client port number is the same on two different connections; validating the port

> is therefore unlikely to be successful.

Author: This sentence doesn't really flow from the previous any more.  This can probably be made into a new paragraph.

Reviewer 3: The client port can easily be the same on two different connections in a server p2p configuration, or just in a reverse proxy connection.

Author: Yes, but the point is that you can't generally rely on it being the same between two connections.  I'm sure that those in those special circumstances will know to ignore this.

Reviewer 2: Applied in 1a0be70.
